Tongtong, are you alright?
Sister, you are finally here.
Kobayashi, stop it
Dongying no longer exists
If you turn yourself in now
The police may be able to be lenient
Okay, as long as you win, I'll turn myself in
Do you remember when we were kids
Do you often play this game?
Whoever crosses the line first loses
When you were young, you often lost to me
Why am I bothering?
You know better than to be careful
I know you lost to me on purpose.
But today is not so easy
This trick
It was dad
The pose when competing with the remodeler
How do you know?
You were obviously not there
Exactly.
I already knew that my father played black boxing
I knew all about his death
I know my father died in that fight back then
I also know
You've been practicing this trick for ten years
You know everything
Why join Dongying?
Work with them
For revenge